Are you sure I can't
get you anything else?
Oh, yeah, no.
I'm actually waiting
for someone.
for Patti LuPone.
I have-- I'm going to conduct
an interview with her.
If you could
just let her know
that I'm sitting right here,
that would be amazing.
I don't know
what she looks like.
Patti LuPone?
Like, ♪ Don't cry
for me, Argen-- ♪
that's not--
- Okay.
- ( ringtone playing )
Hi, mister.
I'm waiting for Patti.
I'm at my callback.
Oh, my God.
"Major Barbara."
Are you excited?
I don't know.
It's a small part.
No, there's no small parts,
there's only small actors,
and you're
a very tall actor.
Everyone here looks
like how I'd look
with a nose job.
But they don't want
someone with a nose job.
They want someone
with a spirit.
Whatever.
I'm not here
to make friends.
Look, they don't love it
when you're on the phone.
Oh, oh, oh.
Oh, okay.
- I've gotta go.
- Okay, I love you.
- I love you too.
- Bye.
I'll call you
after the interview.
Bye.
I'm sorry. I'm just--
I know this casting director.
She's kinda,
like, proper.
No, no, no, no,
it's cool.
Thank you.
Yeah, sure.
- Ahem, Desi.
- Adam.
- Nice to meet you.
What part
are you reading?
Bill.
Oh, okay.
- You?
- Uh, Bronterre.
Oh.
- Nice. Very nice.
- Yeah.
Hi, Rocco.
Do you need me to sign?
Nope,
have a great day.
- Please don't go, Rocco.
- I have to go.
I want to hear about
your weekend, Rocco.
What did you have
for dinner?
Who's your ex-wife?
Rocco, I'm so bored!
You bastard.
( chimes )
So...
Um, something's
actually come up
for Patti
in her schedule,
so she's not gonna--
we're gonna reschedule.
Adam?
Can we see you
for one more second?
Yeah.
I said get two chickens.
Whoops, they're back.
Okay, bye.
Come on in.
Do you guys want me
to give a different read?
Congratulations.
You got it.
- ( both laugh )
- Okay.
Uh...
- does he know?
- ( both laugh )
- He does.
- ( laughs ) Okay.
Okay, cool.
Thank you very much.
( laughs )
( muffled screaming )
- Hey.
- I got it.
- Yeah, me, too.
Yeah, I know.
Where are you headed?
Uh, Greenpoint.
You want a ride?
No, I was thinking
of walking, actually.
That's a long way.
Yeah, that's far.
I'll take a ride.
( music playing )
No, Sam, you gotta hit
the keyboard harder
throughout
this entire song.
You just can't diddle
around the keyboard.
That's why
you're having trouble
with your girlfriend.
- I don't know what girl
likes to be--
- Ms. LuPone?
- Yes?
- Hi, I'm Hannah Horvath.
I'm here from Condé Nast
to do your Strenova interview.
Yeah, I cancelled that.
Nope, I know
you cancelled it...
just five minutes before
we were supposed to do it,
but my boss said that
we need to have it in today,
so I called your publicist
and she mentioned
you were here.
How long
is it gonna take?
- Five minutes.
- Really?
I would say
15 minutes maximum.
Five to 15 minutes,
and then probably 10 minutes
just to wrap up.
- Five minutes.
- Great.
I don't know
if they explained to you,
but this is gonna run
in the magazine just like
a normal article.
Normal interview
with you, picture,
byline, my name, everything,
and then at the bottom,
it's just gonna say
"Sponsored by Strenova."
Right, and I have
to mention Strenova, right?
I have to mention
the bone density drug.
- Yeah, I know it's
a little unnatural...
- Okay, all right.
...but we'll just find
a way to work it in.
- Okay.
- So, I'm gonna start with
some background questions.
- Perfect.
- How long have you
had osteoporosis?
I don't have
osteoporosis.
Okay, well, Strenova's
a bone density drug.
Oh, right.
Oh, I can't say that.
Yeah, I think we should
just find an amount of time
you're comfortable
with to say--
- Five years.
- Okay, five years.
- Does that make me
sound ancient?
- Not at all.
I think it honestly sounds
like you were an early
victim of osteoporosis
and you started
treating it soon enough
that you're never
gonna have a hunchback.
But can you be
an early victim of--
I don't know
anything about it.
- You can be an early victim
of Alzheimer's...
- Right.
...so I don't understand
why osteoporosis would
be a problem.
No, you're right.
We're just gonna say
that you found it in
a routine bone scan
after a hairline fracture
in your ankle.
Okay, how did
I fracture my ankle?
What's your favorite form
of physical exercise?
Sleeping.
Literally no one could relate
to that better than me.
I'm the laziest person
I've ever met.
Sometimes I just use
my chest as a tray,
but the thing is
is that I really think
they just wanna
get a sense of, like,
all the different ways
you take care of yourself,
and Strenova's
just one of them.
- Say I walk my dog.
- Okay, dog.
And his name?
- Pippin.
- Pippin the dog.
- Uh, what is his breed?
Bulldog--
French Bulldog.
- They're cute.
They're really cute.
- I'll remember that.
- I don't need
to write that down.
- ( ringtone playing )
I'm sorry, I have
to take this call,
- which is very rude.
- Okay.
Hello?
Baby.
How was it?
No.
Are you serious?
Oh, my God.
Okay, I'm with
Patti LuPone right now.
She's only given me
seven minutes so--
okay, bye.
I'm so sorry.
That was my boyfriend,
and he just got cast
in the revival of
"Major Barbara" on Broadway.
Wow, wow.
His first Broadway role.
Whoo.
( clicks tongue )
What?
Well, good luck,
'cause I'll tell you what.
He's going to need you
to support him
and forgive him
'cause he's gonna
be an asshole.
( music playing )
Hey, bitch, you're taking
all the mochi.
Oh, my God.
Soo Jin.
- Hi.
Hey.
It's been
a really long time.
I know, we're grannies.
It's gross.
Marnie: Well,
you look gorgeous.
You, too,
as always, lades.
Are you still
with Booth, or--
Oh, no, no.
I mean, he wasn't, like--
Yeah, he's a wiener
in a half shell.
I'm so glad I quit.
The money was shit anyways.
How about you?
What are you up to now?
Well, I finally said,
"Fuck it,"
and, as of next week,
I, like, seriously DGAF,
don't give a fuck!
I'm opening
my own gallery.
Are you serious?
It's been such
a fucking whirlwind.
Literally don't have
time to breathe,
and I'm dirt-poor now.
- It's so sad.
- Well, you went shopping.
Oh, no, this is
just a tax write-off.
All my money has been
going to the space
and the publicity,
and my parents
are ready to murder me,
but it's just so freeing
to be your own boss,
you know?
I have my own architect.
I'm like,
"Where did my youth go?"
I'm sure.
Hey, do you have
someone helping you?
Because opening
an art gallery's,
like, really hard.
It's a lot harder
than anyone thinks,
and I feel like
I see galleries
opening and closing
every single day
in Bushwick.
Oh, no, mine's in NoHo.
Hey, you know what?
You should totally
stop by sometime.
I'm really excited
for our first show.
It's gonna be
super fresh, funky-funny.
Sounds-- yeah,
maybe I will.
Bye.
- I'm really proud of you.
- Thank you.
Really proud.
I just wanted
you to know that.
Thanks.
He's not gonna
even know you exist.
Not until the show's open,
not until he's--
if it runs, you know,
it runs for, like, maybe
three or four months,
then he's gonna come back
down to earth, maybe.
But is he mature?
I'd say in some ways,
he's the most mature
person I've ever met,
and in other ways,
he has not yet been born.
What are you involved
with him for?
Does he even
understand Shaw?
I-- I understand Shaw.
- You do?
- Yeah.
I did a Shaw once.
I don't know what the fuck
I was talking about.
Because I'll tell you what.
You get inside
of a production--
you get inside of a play
with a group of actors,
and they have to be intimate,
they have to know each other,
because they've had
relationships, you know,
in the play for maybe years,
so there has
to be an intimacy
that's created overnight,
and then things happen.
Your boyfriend,
if he is sexual in any way,
is gonna start fucking
everybody in the building.
And, don't forget,
he's gonna have fans.
I don't think
Honestly, he--
can I call you Patti?
He is so funny-looking.
There's a lot of weirdos
out there, honey.
You know,
the Elephant Man
got laid a lot.
- "Blue Crush" was such
an important movie for women.
- Oh, so important.
And for surfers
in general, you know?
"I'm gonna
surf a pipe, dude."
Hannah, do you have
that Patti LuPone copy
I asked for?
Oh, yes,
I'm just transcribing it
right now, actually.
Well, not right this minute.
I will have it for you
in 50 to 20 minutes.
Great, listen.
Also, we have something
going on with
the Gramercy Park Hotel.
"16 reasons we'd love
to stay at the Gramercy."
I think you'd
be great for it.
Oh, amazing.
Definitely.
Thank you so much.
The only thing is
they need it by tomorrow,
so can you check in
tonight?
Yes.
One question--
is it against protocol
to bring my boyfriend?
'Cause we were planning
a little celebration tonight
'cause he actually got cast
in a Broadway show.
Broadway, huh?
Well, have fun.
What the fuck is "have fun"
supposed to mean?
I think it just means
you should have fun.
That's it.
Or did she mean, like,
"Have fun now
because Broadway
is the most seductive
of mistresses"?
What? No.
Why would it mean that?
I'm sorry.
Patti LuPone just really
fucked with my head.
I feel crazy.
- Woman: Checks, ladies.
- Thank you.
Thank you.
Oh, my God.
Okay, I think they forgot
to take taxes out.
- This does not make sense.
- This your first paycheck?
No, this is
the right amount.
This is how much money
I make a week?
- Yeah.
- This is a lot more
than my rent!
This is insane.
I'm just gonna, like,
walk into a store
in the meatpacking district
and just be like,
"Make it rain."
♪ Good lover,
good lover ♪
♪ Feels good,
like a long, hot summer ♪
♪ Latecomer,
he's a latecomer ♪
♪ My man
is a bad motherfucker ♪
♪ He can bring it,
bring it all day long ♪
♪ All other men,
them been wrong ♪
♪ Nobody will get
to see ♪
♪ He's going on
until this fat lady sings ♪
♪ And when
I see his face ♪
♪ I feel like
I can win the race ♪
♪ And when he calls,
when he calls my name ♪
♪ I know we're
in the long game ♪
♪ What would
I leave him for? ♪
♪ I couldn't ask
for any more ♪
♪ I wouldn't send,
I wouldn't send him back ♪
♪ He won me game,
set, and match ♪
♪ Latecomer,
he's a latecomer ♪
♪ My lover, my lover ♪
♪ Shoots and scores
like he's Maradona ♪
♪ Undercover
under the covers ♪
♪ My man is a bad
motherfucker... ♪
Sweet Emma, everybody.
♪ Anyone could see... ♪
Come get your baby shoes.
♪ Latecomer,
he's a latecomer. ♪
Fucking no.
My will-o'-wisp.
What the fuck
are you doing here?
Darling,
don't be vulgar.
You know I hate it
when you're vulgar.
Don't need to be vulgar
to make your point.
What a charming
situation you have.
( gasps )
Oh, my God.
Beautiful little
Dust Bowl orphan.
I love it.
- How on earth
did you find me?
- I came looking for you.
I walked all the way
to the address that
you gave me.
I even threw
little stones
at your window
until some teensy-tiny
little moppet opened up,
looked out, and said,
"Are you there to rape me?"
Oh, Shoshanna.
Fucking Shoshanna.
Are you angry with me
because it's taken me
so long to find you?
Are you insane?
Can you not see
how well I'm doing?
I have a job,
I eat lunch every day,
and I make transactions
and I get paid.
Look at you, Jessamyn.
You're trying so hard.
Don't you see
this is just pretend?
- No, no.
I'm healthy.
- No, no, no.
I'm healthy,
and the last thing I need
is to be hanging out
with you.
You can lie to your friends,
you can lie to your parents,
you can lie to the mirror,
but you can't lie to me
because I see
who you truly are.
Oh, really?
And who's that?
You're a wild thing.
You can't be tamed.
I mean, we are not
the kind of people
that sit around
in a store like this
selling $200 bathing suits
to toddlers.
That's not who we are.
- You're high.
- No, no, no.
I'm just excited
to be in New York
and to see you.
I know what you need.
Come away with me.
I'm not even
attracted to you.
- Ooh, even better.
- I would--
- No!
- Yes!
I was wearing
rehab goggles.
Holy crap.
This is so nice.
It's not that nice.
How much do you get
in incidentals?
- What are those?
- You need somebody
to explain to you
your new moneyed lifestyle,
and I'm happy to be that person.
Okay, let's order
a bunch of stuff
that Adam loves,
then make
a big-ass sign.
Just calm down.
The room's enough.
But he's gonna
be on Broadway.
I know.
I have to admit, I never
thought he'd be the first.
- The first what?
- To fulfill his dream.
Well, that's not true.
We've all fulfilled
various dreams in various ways.
Also, I'm getting
so sick of people
acting like Adam's
newfound success
in this arena
is gonna come between us.
I didn't say that.
Why are you acting weird?
I could not be acting
more normal.
Oh, my God.
I cannot believe
that you have a room
at the Gramercy.
Do you know they have
Mario Badescu products
in the bathroom here?
I am totally stealing
some of those.
What are we celebrating?
- Adam's gonna be
on Broadway.
- Oh, my God.
Are you afraid
he's gonna leave you
for Sutton Foster?
- Ooh.
- What the fuck
is with everybody?
No.
( music playing )
( door opens )
I'm in a shitty mood.
You know, every morning
I wake up feeling really good,
feeling like I'm ready
to take on the day.
Like, I don't know,
I want to fucking say
good morning to strangers.
Shit I usually hate.
And then,
without fail,
something happens
at the yogurt shop
that really just fucks
my shit up.
Ruins my whole day.
By the way,
your Netflix came.
"Bridget Jones 2"?
Seriously?
( Marnie groans )
I can't do this.
What do you mean?
I mean...
I don't want to do this.
Um...
I want a girlfriend,
Marnie.
Like, a legitimate
girlfriend.
You know, I want to have
a relationship that's deep
and sincere
and challenging and scary.
Not, you know--
I want it to be real.
I want to meet a girl
that I have a lot
in common with
and ask her out
and learn about her family
on a park bench
in the middle of the night.
And if things go
really well, maybe invite
her back to my place
and put on
some Roxy Music.
You know?
So, you're dumping me?
Are you fucking serious?
You can't
break up with me, Ray.
I don't care about this.
I wouldn't be eating
pizza in front of you
if I actually liked you.
I realize this doesn't
make sense biologically--
Was this your plan
the whole time, Ray?
To humiliate the girl
that you couldn't get
in high school?
Well, guess what?
It's not gonna fucking work
because I don't care.
( door opens, slams )
( knocks )
Hello?
Jesus fucking Christ.
- Hello?
- Congratulations!
What the fuck is--
( laughs )
- You're a nut.
- You're a nut for the stage.
- I love you.
- Congratulations.
- That's really sweet.
- ( laughs )
Hannah, this is Desi.
He's playing--
- Bill Walker?
- Adam: Yes.
- You just look like
such a Bill Walker.
- Thanks.
I'm just a crazy
"Major Barbara" fan
and kind of obsessed
with Shaw in general.
Oh, smart girl.
Hi.
- Hey.
- Hi, sorry,
I recognize you
from your part
on "One Tree Hill."
You were Lennon,
the disabled gay
hockey player.
Yes, yeah.
Super lucky part.
I'm not what you would call
a "One Tree Hill" fan,
but I have seen
every episode,
and you really just
are taking up
their game a notch.
( laughs )
Thank you. Thanks.
So, I'm in Idaho,
back country,
all I have
is a saddle blanket,
buck knife, some water
I packed in,
and I realize that
it's my mom's birthday, right?
Now, I fucked up
loads of stuff in my life,
I'm not gonna forget
my mom's birthday.
- You wouldn't do that.
- You would never do that.
All of a sudden,
I see a structure.
Maybe it's a fire tower
or some kind
of ranger station,
long forgotten.
- I don't understand--
- Shh.
Okay. Okay.
Desi:
And just as I get through
the door, I almost step on--
Congratulations, Adam.
Oh, my God, so exciting.
Are you, uh, okay?
Me?
Yeah, so good.
I'm just gonna run
to the restroom.
- I'll be right back.
- Hannah: Okay.
Ha! That is
a fucking closet.
Okay, I don't know
what I'm in trouble
for now, but...
So there I am on a sort
of vision quest...
( exhales )
- ( knock on door )
- Hannah: Marn?
Come in.
Hey, what's going on?
Nothing.
- Are you sure?
- Dead sure.
Okay, what's wrong?
I can't tell you.
( guitar playing )
- Desi: ♪ Oh,
roll on, John... ♪
- ( crying )
♪ Don't you roll
so slow? ♪
♪ How you gonna roll ♪
♪ If your wheels
don't roll? ♪
( together )
♪ I asked that girl ♪
♪ To be my wife ♪
♪ She fell on her knees ♪
♪ She began to cry ♪
♪ The more she cried ♪
- ♪ The worse I felt... ♪
- Are they fucking kidding me?
I hate myself
for loving him.
♪ Till I thought... ♪
( joins in )
♪ The more she cried ♪
♪ The worse I felt... ♪
( hums )
So after shows,
you can really only
go, like, two places.
You can go to
the Glass House Tavern
or you can go
to Bar Centrale.
Bar Centrale is really
more for, like,
the famous, you know,
stars of the show,
and then Glass House
is more for, like,
the chorus kids.
And also one time
I read this interview
with Sarah Jessica Parker
in "Backstage,"
and she was saying
that it's super important
to learn the names
of all of the crew.
And, if you can, like,
a couple of their wives
because it means a lot
to those people.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Don't you get tired
of going to the bar
afterwards
when you wanna
go home and get some--
No, that's, like,
part of the--
I mean, that's where
you meet people and stuff.
That's where one time
I saw Tyne Daly
get super drunk
and fall down
a flight of stairs.
- Oh, really?
- Yeah.
- Oh, fuck.
- I know, right?
It's pretty awesome.
Hannah?
You know, your voice
is really--
I'm trying to summon
the right adjective here.
- Grating? Is that what--
- No, come on.
No.
- I love that song.
- Oh, yeah.
- I love Michelle Branch.
- Dylan.
Yeah, Dylan too.
I'd love to hear
some more of your music.
- Do you write?
- Um, yeah. Really, do you--
Absolutely, yeah.
Okay, I, uh--
if I give you
my email address,
then you can shoot me
an email so I have yours,
and then
I'll just email you
my Dropbox folder
of my latest attempts.
See? "Attempts."
Don't do that.
Seriously.
Don't deprecate yourself.
Really, you're better
than that.
Okay.
I don't know
if Hannah's told you,
but I'm really trying
to make a concerted effort
to break out
of the contemporary
dance world,
and if you could maybe
give me an introduction
to the Broadway world,
that'd be great.
I mean, the closest
I've gotten is,
you know, a hand job
from a guy from "Pippin,"
- so it's like-- yeah.
- Oh, yeah.
Marnface1988@aol.com.
That's me.
All right, I should
really hit the trail.
My Clementine's making
paella tonight.
- Is that a song?
- No, that's like a--
like a Valencian rice
seafood dish.
Oh, it just sounded
like a folk song.
I thought they were
folk lyrics or something.
"Gotta hit the trail,
my Clementine's making
paella tonight."
No, that's, like,
one of those big
four-hander pans,
so I gotta help
take it off.
Oh, okay.
Roll on, John.
If you ever need
any, you know, help,
if you have questions
- about figuring out
what's what.
- You know, I don't.
I think I'm good.
I don't really want
to be a part of the scene.
The Broadway scene?
Any scene.
Well, don't come
crying to me
when Kristin Chenoweth
passes out 'cause you
forgot to feed her.
- Here's Johnny!
- Yeah!
( both laughing )
- Hi, I'm Jasper. Hi, hi.
- Oh, hey.
- Hi, hi.
- Shosh, so great to--
mwah-- see you!
- Oh, hi.
- Jasper: I know everybody's
name because she told me.
Buck.
- Uh, Obadiah.
- Yep.
- Uh, Janet.
- Mm-hmm.
- Raquel, Snoop.
- Yep.
Hazel.
See? Told ya.
- Come on.
- Pretty good.
So we maybe shouldn't have
taken her out of rehab.
- Higher education
is elitist horseshit...
- Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
perpetrated by a bunch
of privileged hacks
who think accumulating degrees
amounts to a meaningful life.
I know, I know.
But, like, I am out
of there in three weeks.
Like, I am done,
I am graduating,
I am done with that.
They say they're
teaching you to think,
but really they're
teaching you to think
like everybody else.
I know! I know!
It's like, literally,
I swear to God,
sometimes I feel like
I am in "The Truman Show,"
but it's, like,
really just a walking
American Apparel ad
and I don't
even know it.
Too late for you,
then, poor baby.
- Have you got any cocaine?
- No, I don't do cocaine.
But you're
clearly on cocaine.
Oh, no, everybody
thinks that,
but I just have
really chronic congestion
- and, like,
a terribly fast mouth.
- ( whistling )
Is this living
or is this living,
my flower?
- This is living.
- Oh.
Uh, have you got
more coke?
Have you got
more money?
No, but I know
where to get some.
- ( gasps ) You do?
- Yes! I do, I do, I do.
( alarm beeping )
( keypad beeping )
Yes! Can you believe
I remembered that?
- Shh, okay, okay, okay.
- You're a legend.
- ( keys drop )
- Shh.
- ( rattles )
- No.
- ( gasps )
- Oh, my God.
Who keeps their money
in a shoebox?
- We will.
- ( gasps )
Oh, my God.
( sniffs )
( sighs )
Okay, all right, all right.
That's good.
Elijah talks a lot
about really stupid shit.
Okay, well, maybe
that's what I think
about that weird folk-singing
grifter you brought over.
- Desi?
- "Desi"? Yeah.
- What?
- Yeah, I found him irksome.
You don't have to say that
to get revenge on me.
I'm not gonna say something
to get revenge on you.
This isn't like
"Count of Monte Cristo."
( laughs )
I'm so proud of you.
( kisses )
I don't know how to say this
without it coming out
sounding horrible.
I don't want you
to get so, um...
happy doing the play
that you...
don't like
our life together
anymore.
Are you upset
I'm doing the play?
No.
I'm so happy you're doing
what makes you happy
because I love you
and you're the only person
I've ever loved
I ever wanna love.
Well, ditto.
Okay, good.
Then...
do your lines.
- No.
- Do your lines.
No.
- ( laughs ) No.
- Please?
- ( groans )
I don't wanna.
- Please, please?
"Not that kind of snob,
but a genteel sort."
- Can you do it with
the accent, please?
- "I'm too--"
( British accent )
"Not that kind of snob,
but the genteel sort."
- ( gasps ) No.
- "I'm too uppish,
owing to my intelligence,
and my father being
a Chartist and a reading,
thinking man--
a stationer, too.
I am none of
your common hewers of wood
and drawers of water.
And don't you
forget it."
- ( both laughing )
- It's so good.
- ( music playing )
- You're so good at that.
♪ She said,
I don't want a model ♪
♪ I don't want
a movie star ♪
♪ You don't have
to win the lotto ♪
♪ Oh, I want you to win
my heart, yeah ♪
♪ She said, I just want
someone true ♪
♪ She said,
I just want someone ♪
♪ To smoke
with me, babe ♪
♪ And lay with me, babe ♪
♪ And laugh
with me, babe ♪
♪ I just want
the simple things ♪
♪ Just smoke
with me, babe ♪
♪ And laugh with me,
baby ♪
♪ And lay
with me, babe ♪
♪ 'Cause I just want
the simple things ♪
♪ I just want you ♪
♪ I want you, you,
you, you ♪
♪ I want you ♪
♪ Oh, you ♪
♪ Oh, I just want you ♪
♪ Give me all of you ♪
♪ All of you, darlin' ♪
♪ I want you ♪
♪ I just want
the simple things. ♪